Portal 1.16 Documentation Update.mdx (#1041)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: portal/overview/concepts.mdx

Provisioning requests can be configured to require manual approval by an API Owner or to be automatically approved based on the Plan settings.

### Access Flow Types
Access Flow Types determine how developers request access to API Products in your Developer Portal. There are two core approaches:

- **Direct Access Flow (Recommended)** provides a streamlined, single-product experience where developers can immediately request access to individual APIs without cart management. This eliminates friction with fewer steps and automatic credential handling.

- **Cart-Based Flow** offers a traditional shopping cart experience, allowing developers to bundle multiple API products into a single access request. This supports multi-product selection, cart review capabilities, and consolidated checkout.

> The choice between flows shapes your entire developer experience—Direct Access optimizes for speed and simplicity, while Cart-Based supports complex, multi-API integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access Flow Types determine how developers request access to API Products in your Developer Portal. There are two core approaches:

- **Direct Access Flow (Recommended)** provides a streamlined, single-product experience where developers can immediately request access to individual APIs without cart management. This eliminates friction with fewer steps and automatic credential handling.

- **Cart-Based Flow** offers a traditional shopping cart experience, allowing developers to bundle multiple API products into a single access request. This supports multi-product selection, cart review capabilities, and consolidated checkout.

The choice between flows shapes your entire developer experience. Direct Access optimizes for speed and simplicity, while Cart-Based supports complex, multi-API integrations.
```

Provisioning requests can be configured to require manual approval by an API Owner or to be automatically approved based on the Plan settings.

### Access Flow Types
The Developer Portal supports two different access flows for API Products. This is configured from the Admin Portal by API Owners:

1. Log into the **Admin Portal**
2. Navigate to **Portal Settings → General**
3. Locate the **"API Product Access Flow"** section
4. Choose between:
    - **Direct Access Flow (Recommended)**: Streamlined single-product access without a shopping cart
    - **Cart-Based Flow**: Traditional multi-product shopping cart experience
5. Click **Save Changes**

#### Direct Access Flow (Recommended)
A streamlined single-product access experience without a shopping cart interface.

##### Key Features
- Immediate access requests without cart management
- Credential reuse and compatibility checking
- Simplified user experience with fewer steps

#### Cart-Based Flow

> A traditional multi-product shopping cart experience allowing users to bundle multiple API products into a single request.
> 
> ##### Key Features
> - Multi-product selection and bundling
> - Cart review and modification capabilities
> - Single checkout process for multiple products
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Access Flow Types
Access Flow Types determine how developers request access to API Products in your Developer Portal. There are two core approaches:

- **Direct Access Flow (Recommended)** provides a streamlined, single-product experience where developers can immediately request access to individual APIs without cart management. This eliminates friction with fewer steps and automatic credential handling.

- **Cart-Based Flow** offers a traditional shopping cart experience, allowing developers to bundle multiple API products into a single access request. This supports multi-product selection, cart review capabilities, and consolidated checkout.

The choice between flows shapes your entire developer experience—Direct Access optimizes for speed and simplicity, while Cart-Based supports complex, multi-API integrations.
```

Explain core concepts, don't need to include how-to
